=head1 CPAN Grep

This is the code behind L<http://grep.cpan.me>. Unless you want to add
something you probably want to use the site, not try and install this ;-)

The default development configuration will index a sample CPAN from
L<fakecpan|http://www.fakecpan.org>.  Indexing the whole CPAN doesn't take long,
although you'll need around 4GB of RAM spare to get a decent level of
performance.

=head2 Quick start

For a very quick development setup you should be able to:

=over 4

=item * Ensure you have Perl 5.14 or later

=item * Install redis

You just need a redis-server binary around, C<run-test> below will start it for you.

=item * Run the following:

  cpanm --installdeps .
  tools/run-test

=item * Visit L<http://localhost:5000>

=item * Hack!

Starman will pick up changes automatically, so web frontend changes should be
picked up right away.

=back

=head2 Components

If you want to work on the indexing or other aspects you might need to run
these, to start with C<run-test> may well be enough though.

=over 4

=item * cpangrep-index

Run this to start with:

  bin/cpangrep-index [--cpan_dir /path/to/cpan --slab_dir /data/cpangrep/extract]

If you omit the --cpan_dir and --slab_dir options you'll get the fakecpan
configured in etc/config and shipped with this.

=item * WWW::CPANGrep

The web frontend. Run with:

  starman -Ilib lib/WWW/CPANGrep.pm
  
(or other plack server.)

There's also a version that wraps this in L<Plack::Debug> in F<debug.psgi>.

=item * cpangrep-matcher

Backend workers that do the matching, based on a redis queue. This should be
running along with the web frontend, all the time:

  bin/cpangrep-matcher

=item * Redis

A Redis server (or several for the live version) are used for queuing jobs and
also resolving matches.

=back

=head2 Deployment

Currently the C<"live"> tag refers to the version that is live. To push a new version:

  git tag -f live
  git push --tags

(See the handler for /githook for how this works.)
